Miss, these are obviously procrastinating
Whoever kills it
If you go together
Then I don't mind sending you all to the west today.
It's just that
I won't be able to attack for a month
Explanation will be positive and dangerous
It's up to you to kill or widow
But I, Gao Xiaoming, put the words here
Begging is definitely not the kind of villain who assassinates and sneaks up
You're coming with me.
I'm here for you.
You guys take good care of this woman
Don't let me go, and don't cut me before I'm gone
I have examined my father's body
There are two kinds of evidence that can prove that you are Long Shuai
You and Long Shuai have the same origin Qi 2
You can tell me what my father's fatal wound was. Hmm
I know all this
I don't know
Then show it to me.
If there is one thing that doesn't match
I will kill you with the cruelest ninjutsu
Your father was penetrated by the Golden Dragon Qi
Whole body fracture
Meridian interruption
So?
There's no single fatal wound.
This has also caused you to keep suspecting your father
Suspected of being ambushed
Am I right?
Yeah, it is.
Then the next step
How can you prove that you also have financial truth?